Wales silent on Grand Slam talk

Rhys Williams says Wales are still not thinking of winning the Grand Slam despite a third Six Nations win.

"That's the last thing on our minds at the moment," said Williams, a second- half replacement in Saturday's 24-18 win over France in Paris. "We all realise how difficult a task it is to go up to Scotland and beat them. "We've come unstuck there a couple of times recently so our focus is on that game and we'll worry about Ireland hopefully after we've beaten Scotland." With captain Gareth Thomas ruled out of the rest of the campaign with a broken thumb, Williams is vying for his first start in the championship so far.

Kevin Morgan is probably favourite to replace Thomas at full-back, leaving Williams and Hal Luscombe to battle for the right wing berth. A hamstring injury denied Luscombe the opportunity to make a third successive start, but the Dragons winger is expected to be fit for the trip to Murrayfield on 13 March. Hooker Robin McBryde is doubtful after picking up a knee injury in Paris, but centre Sonny Parker and flanker Colin Charvis are set to recover from injury to be in contention for selection. Said Wales assistant coach Scott Johnson: "They've worked through the weekend and the reports are a bit more positive. "So we're getting a couple back and that adds to the depth of the squad." Scotland secured their first win of the campaign on Saturday by grinding out an 18-10 win over Italy.

Matt Williams' side has shown little in attack, but Johnson insisted the Scots will be difficult opposition to break down. "Italy are really brave opposition and sometimes it's very hard to win," he said. "So an ugly win can be just as effective as a 30 or 40 point victory. "Scotland are a hard side and very underrated so we're not taking anything for granted. "We're not basking in the glory of winning our first three games. We've got to be diligent in our preparation. "That's my job and we've got to make sure we're focused."
	Wales silent on Grand Slam talkRhys Williams says Wales are still not thinking of winning the Grand Slam despite a third Six Nations win."That's the last thing on our minds at the moment," said Williams, a second- half replacement in Saturday's 24-18 win over France in Paris. "We all realise how difficult a task it is to go up to Scotland and beat them. "We've come unstuck there a couple of times recently so our focus is on that game and we'll worry about Ireland hopefully after we've beaten Scotland." With captain Gareth Thomas ruled out of the rest of the campaign with a broken thumb, Williams is vying for his first start in the championship so far.Kevin Morgan is probably favourite to replace Thomas at full-back, leaving Williams and Hal Luscombe to battle for the right wing berth. A hamstring injury denied Luscombe the opportunity to make a third successive start, but the Dragons winger is expected to be fit for the trip to Murrayfield on 13 March. Hooker Robin McBryde is doubtful after picking up a knee injury in Paris, but centre Sonny Parker and flanker Colin Charvis are set to recover from injury to be in contention for selection. Said Wales assistant coach Scott Johnson: "They've worked through the weekend and the reports are a bit more positive. "So we're getting a couple back and that adds to the depth of the squad." Scotland secured their first win of the campaign on Saturday by grinding out an 18-10 win over Italy.Matt Williams' side has shown little in attack, but Johnson insisted the Scots will be difficult opposition to break down. "Italy are really brave opposition and sometimes it's very hard to win," he said. "So an ugly win can be just as effective as a 30 or 40 point victory. "Scotland are a hard side and very underrated so we're not taking anything for granted. "We're not basking in the glory of winning our first three games. We've got to be diligent in our preparation. "That's my job and we've got to make sure we're focused."
ICC ponders one-day alterations

The rules of one-day cricket could be changed to allow the fielding side to take two wickets off a single ball.

A striking batsman could be dismissed lbw or caught and his partner run out. The International Cricket Council is also considering an idea to modify the 15-over period of fielding restrictions normally set for an innings start. Instead, the batting side would choose three different slots of five overs when only two fielders would be permitted to cover the boundaries. Sunil Gavaskar heads the ICC committee which has recommended the proposal in a bid to inject interest into the one-day game which the former India captain says has become "predictable". "We've looked at a double play situation," he explained in an interview with the Melbourne Age. "If a batsman's been given out lbw and the ball ricochets off to gully and the fielder picks it up and throws at the non-striker's end, so you have two dismissals off one ball. "Same if the ball's gone up in the air." The ICC is discussing the proposals at a meeting in Melbourne.
	ICC ponders one-day alterationsThe rules of one-day cricket could be changed to allow the fielding side to take two wickets off a single ball.A striking batsman could be dismissed lbw or caught and his partner run out. The International Cricket Council is also considering an idea to modify the 15-over period of fielding restrictions normally set for an innings start. Instead, the batting side would choose three different slots of five overs when only two fielders would be permitted to cover the boundaries. Sunil Gavaskar heads the ICC committee which has recommended the proposal in a bid to inject interest into the one-day game which the former India captain says has become "predictable". "We've looked at a double play situation," he explained in an interview with the Melbourne Age. "If a batsman's been given out lbw and the ball ricochets off to gully and the fielder picks it up and throws at the non-striker's end, so you have two dismissals off one ball. "Same if the ball's gone up in the air." The ICC is discussing the proposals at a meeting in Melbourne.
UK Athletics agrees new kit deal

UK Athletics has agreed a new deal with adidas to supply Great Britain squads of all ages with their kit for the next four years.

The German-based firm kitted out Team GB at the 2004 Olympics and has deals with 20 other national Olympic bodies. UK Athletics chief David Moorcroft said: "The Athens experience can now be extended to more major championships. "In the year ahead these include the European indoor and World outdoor championships. We are delighted." Moorcroft added: "It is hugely beneficial to the sport that the adidas commitment will also provide for officials and other personnel at our world-class series of live televised events." This week, UK Athletics also agreed a four-year deal with energy drink company, Red Bull, who will be supplying the product to athletics at major domestic meetings and in high performance centres.
	UK Athletics agrees new kit dealUK Athletics has agreed a new deal with adidas to supply Great Britain squads of all ages with their kit for the next four years.The German-based firm kitted out Team GB at the 2004 Olympics and has deals with 20 other national Olympic bodies. UK Athletics chief David Moorcroft said: "The Athens experience can now be extended to more major championships. "In the year ahead these include the European indoor and World outdoor championships. We are delighted." Moorcroft added: "It is hugely beneficial to the sport that the adidas commitment will also provide for officials and other personnel at our world-class series of live televised events." This week, UK Athletics also agreed a four-year deal with energy drink company, Red Bull, who will be supplying the product to athletics at major domestic meetings and in high performance centres.
Kenya cricket boss fights sacking

Kenya Cricket Association president Sharad Ghai has obtained a court order preventing his dismissal by the government over financial allegations.

Ghai was accused of failing to account for sponsorship money, resolve player disputes or hold regular elections. Sports Minister Ochillo Ayacko has appointed a caretaker committee, headed by Issac Kalua, to serve for three months before new elections take place. But the order prevents Kalua moving in for 21 days, pending a judicial review. Ghai insisted his committee had always submitted receipts and audited accounts of its expenditure.

He has refused to hand over the office keys to Kalua and was angered when the interim committee broke into the building under police supervision. "What we are saying is that this should have been done ina dignified manner," he protested. "There was supposed to be a date and time set for office handover, and this is what is expected to happen in any civil society." It is not the first time the government has made accusations of financial mismanagement against the board. In 2002 they disbanded the committee, but a court reinstated the officials.
	Kenya cricket boss fights sackingKenya Cricket Association president Sharad Ghai has obtained a court order preventing his dismissal by the government over financial allegations.Ghai was accused of failing to account for sponsorship money, resolve player disputes or hold regular elections. Sports Minister Ochillo Ayacko has appointed a caretaker committee, headed by Issac Kalua, to serve for three months before new elections take place. But the order prevents Kalua moving in for 21 days, pending a judicial review. Ghai insisted his committee had always submitted receipts and audited accounts of its expenditure.He has refused to hand over the office keys to Kalua and was angered when the interim committee broke into the building under police supervision. "What we are saying is that this should have been done ina dignified manner," he protested. "There was supposed to be a date and time set for office handover, and this is what is expected to happen in any civil society." It is not the first time the government has made accusations of financial mismanagement against the board. In 2002 they disbanded the committee, but a court reinstated the officials.
Henman & Murray claim LTA awards

Tim Henman was named player of the year for 2004 by the Lawn Tennis Association at Wimbledon on Monday.

The Briton was recognised for the best year of his career, which saw him reach the semis at the French and US Opens. Scotland's Andrew Murray was named young player of the year after winning the US Open juniors, as well as a Futures event in Italy. And world number one Peter Norfolk won disabled player of the year after claiming his third US Open crown.

Great Britain's under 14 boys won the team of the year prize for their victory at the World Junior Tennis event in August. Henman will start his 2005 campaign at the Kooyong event on 12 January in a field that includes Roger Federer, Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi. And the Briton is optimistic of surpassing his best effort of a fourth-round place at the Australian Open, which begins the following week. "I've often felt that the conditions suit my game in Melbourne so I'd love to be able to start next year by doing well at the Australian Open," Henman told his website. "That's why I've changed my schedule slightly by committing to play in the Kooyong Classic. "I'll be able to acclimatise while practising before the event and then will be guaranteed matches against the best players in the world. "I think that will give me the best possible chance of doing well at the Australian Open."
	Henman & Murray claim LTA awardsTim Henman was named player of the year for 2004 by the Lawn Tennis Association at Wimbledon on Monday.The Briton was recognised for the best year of his career, which saw him reach the semis at the French and US Opens. Scotland's Andrew Murray was named young player of the year after winning the US Open juniors, as well as a Futures event in Italy. And world number one Peter Norfolk won disabled player of the year after claiming his third US Open crown.Great Britain's under 14 boys won the team of the year prize for their victory at the World Junior Tennis event in August. Henman will start his 2005 campaign at the Kooyong event on 12 January in a field that includes Roger Federer, Andy Roddick and Andre Agassi. And the Briton is optimistic of surpassing his best effort of a fourth-round place at the Australian Open, which begins the following week. "I've often felt that the conditions suit my game in Melbourne so I'd love to be able to start next year by doing well at the Australian Open," Henman told his website. "That's why I've changed my schedule slightly by committing to play in the Kooyong Classic. "I'll be able to acclimatise while practising before the event and then will be guaranteed matches against the best players in the world. "I think that will give me the best possible chance of doing well at the Australian Open."
O'Shea to head up RFU Academies

London Irish managing director Conor O'Shea is to leave the Exiles to take up a post as the Rugby Football Union's Director of Regional Academies.

O'Shea will start his new role in the spring, monitoring players capable of developing into England internationals. "I look on this move to Twickenham as a huge challenge and one I simply could not turn down," O'Shea said. "I can see so much potential for moving the academy network onto another level and that excites me enormously." O'Shea, who won 35 caps for Ireland at full-back, was forced to retire as player in 2001 after a series of ankle operations. He then became the Exiles' director of rugby before taking up the managing director role in 2003. O'Shea will manage the network of 14 England regional rugby academies, working closely with David Shaw, who has been instrumental in establishing the system, and Brian Ashton, who runs the National Academy in Bath.
	O'Shea to head up RFU AcademiesLondon Irish managing director Conor O'Shea is to leave the Exiles to take up a post as the Rugby Football Union's Director of Regional Academies.O'Shea will start his new role in the spring, monitoring players capable of developing into England internationals. "I look on this move to Twickenham as a huge challenge and one I simply could not turn down," O'Shea said. "I can see so much potential for moving the academy network onto another level and that excites me enormously." O'Shea, who won 35 caps for Ireland at full-back, was forced to retire as player in 2001 after a series of ankle operations. He then became the Exiles' director of rugby before taking up the managing director role in 2003. O'Shea will manage the network of 14 England regional rugby academies, working closely with David Shaw, who has been instrumental in establishing the system, and Brian Ashton, who runs the National Academy in Bath.
Wilkinson targets Ireland

Jonny Wilkinson says he is "massively positive" about his chances of playing some part in the Six Nations.

A knee injury has ruled him out of England's first two matches against Wales and France, but he is hoping to feature against Ireland on 27 February. "I'm coming on really well. The physios at England and Newcastle are as happy as they could possibly be at this point." said the England fly-half. Wilkinson has not played for England since their 2003 World Cup final win. "The injury is to my left leg so, as a kicker, I need to make sure I'm really right so I can play my usual game."

"All I can do is try to get back. It (the knee injury) happened two and a half weeks ago and the limit was then set of six to eight weeks, which is the second half of the Six Nations." "I'm just concentrating on doing my bit, which is the rehab. "All I can do is free myself up for selection and then see what people want to do with me, whether they want to play me or leave it." If he does not recover in time for England's Six Nations season, his next target would be the British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand. "I'm looking to play first for Newcastle, then think about England and only then will I think about the Lions." he said. "As with my other injuries, I'm taking it day by day."
	Wilkinson targets IrelandJonny Wilkinson says he is "massively positive" about his chances of playing some part in the Six Nations.A knee injury has ruled him out of England's first two matches against Wales and France, but he is hoping to feature against Ireland on 27 February. "I'm coming on really well. The physios at England and Newcastle are as happy as they could possibly be at this point." said the England fly-half. Wilkinson has not played for England since their 2003 World Cup final win. "The injury is to my left leg so, as a kicker, I need to make sure I'm really right so I can play my usual game.""All I can do is try to get back. It (the knee injury) happened two and a half weeks ago and the limit was then set of six to eight weeks, which is the second half of the Six Nations." "I'm just concentrating on doing my bit, which is the rehab. "All I can do is free myself up for selection and then see what people want to do with me, whether they want to play me or leave it." If he does not recover in time for England's Six Nations season, his next target would be the British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand. "I'm looking to play first for Newcastle, then think about England and only then will I think about the Lions." he said. "As with my other injuries, I'm taking it day by day."
Beckham rules out management move

Real Madrid midfielder David Beckham has no plans to become a manager when his playing career is over.

"I am not interested in being a coach but I would like to have football schools," the England captain said on television station Canal Plus. "I have wanted to do that since I went to the Bobby Charlton school. I'm going to open one in London and one in LA. "My second passion is charity work - I am an ambassador for Unicef and it gives me great pride." But Beckham revealed that his immediate priority was winning the Spanish league title with Real Madrid.

Real slipped to 13 points behind leaders Barcelona with a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Sevilla on Wednesday. Beckham admitted: "It's disappointing and frustrating to see the results, considering the team we have. "I would really like to win La Liga with Real Madrid - I have been here two years and we still have not done it." In a wide-ranging interview, Beckham also revealed that his sending-off against Argentina - and the resulting media storm - had been the most significant moment in his career. Asked for his worst memory, he said: "To be sent off against Argentina - it was not for the sending-off but for what happened afterwards. "I was lucky because I had a manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, who supported me and a strong family behind me but I believe that changed me. "I believe it changed me for the better."
	Beckham rules out management moveReal Madrid midfielder David Beckham has no plans to become a manager when his playing career is over."I am not interested in being a coach but I would like to have football schools," the England captain said on television station Canal Plus. "I have wanted to do that since I went to the Bobby Charlton school. I'm going to open one in London and one in LA. "My second passion is charity work - I am an ambassador for Unicef and it gives me great pride." But Beckham revealed that his immediate priority was winning the Spanish league title with Real Madrid.Real slipped to 13 points behind leaders Barcelona with a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Sevilla on Wednesday. Beckham admitted: "It's disappointing and frustrating to see the results, considering the team we have. "I would really like to win La Liga with Real Madrid - I have been here two years and we still have not done it." In a wide-ranging interview, Beckham also revealed that his sending-off against Argentina - and the resulting media storm - had been the most significant moment in his career. Asked for his worst memory, he said: "To be sent off against Argentina - it was not for the sending-off but for what happened afterwards. "I was lucky because I had a manager, Sir Alex Ferguson, who supported me and a strong family behind me but I believe that changed me. "I believe it changed me for the better."
Beckham defends form for England

England captain David Beckham insists he is not concerned by criticism of his displays for club and country.

"As long as I'm happy with my form for Real Madrid and England, whatever anybody else says doesn't really matter," said Beckham. "The most important thing for me is that I'm comfortable with the way I'm playing - I must admit, the last month has been my best month for a while. "There are a lot of important games coming up, for Real and for England."

The midfielder feels that new coach Wanderley Luxemburgo's arrival at Madrid has lifted the Spanish giants. "Since the turn of the year, it's been exciting because we've got a new manager in, and we're playing more attractive football than we had been over the last few months," Beckham explained. "He's totally changed things around - I think we're working a lot harder in training and we're more organised in games.

"That's shown in the games we've played under him - even the six-minute game, which was a great start for him. "It's pushed the players on a little bit, and given us more confidence, which is great for any team. I'm looking forward to 2005 - we're seven points behind Barcelona but things are looking up for us. "In any season, I want to win as many trophies as possible, play the best football I can, and stay healthy and fit - that's all I can ask." Looking ahead to next week's first England game of 2005, Beckham is keen to test his form on the international stage. "It's important to be involved in games like this - it's a tough game against Holland, even though it's a friendly," he said. "It's always nice to play in England games, but it's important to have friendlies, as it's good to get prepared for the qualifiers which are coming up. "It's important for the team which starts the qualifying games to play together as much as possible, but the manager can also try younger players out."

Beckham has also been gripped by the excitement of the Premiership title race this season. "There aren't many leagues like it around the world - it's so exciting and intense, and the top three or four clubs are really close," he said. "Chelsea seem to be running away with it a little bit, but Manchester United keep winning, and no-one can forget what Arsenal can do on the pitch, so it's going to be interesting. "There's plenty of talent in the Chelsea team, the Arsenal team - but the player who always catches the eye for me is Thierry Henry - he's a great player and a really good person. "John Terry and Frank Lampard have been exceptional for Chelsea, and they're a big part of why Chelsea are doing so well this year."
	Beckham defends form for EnglandEngland captain David Beckham insists he is not concerned by criticism of his displays for club and country."As long as I'm happy with my form for Real Madrid and England, whatever anybody else says doesn't really matter," said Beckham. "The most important thing for me is that I'm comfortable with the way I'm playing - I must admit, the last month has been my best month for a while. "There are a lot of important games coming up, for Real and for England."The midfielder feels that new coach Wanderley Luxemburgo's arrival at Madrid has lifted the Spanish giants. "Since the turn of the year, it's been exciting because we've got a new manager in, and we're playing more attractive football than we had been over the last few months," Beckham explained. "He's totally changed things around - I think we're working a lot harder in training and we're more organised in games."That's shown in the games we've played under him - even the six-minute game, which was a great start for him. "It's pushed the players on a little bit, and given us more confidence, which is great for any team. I'm looking forward to 2005 - we're seven points behind Barcelona but things are looking up for us. "In any season, I want to win as many trophies as possible, play the best football I can, and stay healthy and fit - that's all I can ask." Looking ahead to next week's first England game of 2005, Beckham is keen to test his form on the international stage. "It's important to be involved in games like this - it's a tough game against Holland, even though it's a friendly," he said. "It's always nice to play in England games, but it's important to have friendlies, as it's good to get prepared for the qualifiers which are coming up. "It's important for the team which starts the qualifying games to play together as much as possible, but the manager can also try younger players out."Beckham has also been gripped by the excitement of the Premiership title race this season. "There aren't many leagues like it around the world - it's so exciting and intense, and the top three or four clubs are really close," he said. "Chelsea seem to be running away with it a little bit, but Manchester United keep winning, and no-one can forget what Arsenal can do on the pitch, so it's going to be interesting. "There's plenty of talent in the Chelsea team, the Arsenal team - but the player who always catches the eye for me is Thierry Henry - he's a great player and a really good person. "John Terry and Frank Lampard have been exceptional for Chelsea, and they're a big part of why Chelsea are doing so well this year."
Sri Lanka cancel tour

Sri Lanka have cancelled their cricket tour of New Zealand following the tsunami disaster that has ravaged the country, it has been confirmed.

The tour had been put on hold after the first one-day international game was played on 26 December, the same day the tidal wave struck the island country. Sri Lanka Cricket initially said it would postpone the tour but on Wednesday decided to pull out. "We fully understand the decision," said ICC chief executive Malcolm Speed. The latest death toll for Sri Lankans caught up in the disaster stands at 22,000. A statement from Sri Lanka Cricket stated: "The Sri Lankan cricketers have always stood by the people of this country in good times and bad times. "The cancellation of this tour will enable the cricketers to help the board assist victims of the disaster." Speed said: "The impact of the tsunami on Sri Lanka has been devastating. "In this situation where two of our members have agreed to postpone the series there is no issue of fines or compensation. "The Sri Lankan players will now be able to return to their families and the series will be replayed at a date in the future to be confirmed." The tour, comprising one-day internationals and Test matches, will now be rescheduled by both cricket boards by mutual agreement.

None of the Sri Lanka squad lost family members in the disaster, but the mothers of Sanath Jayasuriya and Upul Chandana are believed to have been injured. Star spin bowler Muttiah Muralitharan, meanwhile, came within minutes of being caught up in the huge tidal waves which swept across the Sri Lankan coastline at Galle. "I missed the wave by 20 minutes. I had only just left Galle so I am very lucky to be alive," he said, having had to miss the early part of the tour due to injury. New Zealand Cricket chief executive Martin Snedden said: "We will now give the Sri Lankan cricket team every assistance to return home as soon as possible. "As the magnitude of the recent events in Sri Lanka has unfolded it has become more difficult for the Sri Lankan team to remain in New Zealand."
	Sri Lanka cancel tourSri Lanka have cancelled their cricket tour of New Zealand following the tsunami disaster that has ravaged the country, it has been confirmed.The tour had been put on hold after the first one-day international game was played on 26 December, the same day the tidal wave struck the island country. Sri Lanka Cricket initially said it would postpone the tour but on Wednesday decided to pull out. "We fully understand the decision," said ICC chief executive Malcolm Speed. The latest death toll for Sri Lankans caught up in the disaster stands at 22,000. A statement from Sri Lanka Cricket stated: "The Sri Lankan cricketers have always stood by the people of this country in good times and bad times. "The cancellation of this tour will enable the cricketers to help the board assist victims of the disaster." Speed said: "The impact of the tsunami on Sri Lanka has been devastating. "In this situation where two of our members have agreed to postpone the series there is no issue of fines or compensation. "The Sri Lankan players will now be able to return to their families and the series will be replayed at a date in the future to be confirmed." The tour, comprising one-day internationals and Test matches, will now be rescheduled by both cricket boards by mutual agreement.None of the Sri Lanka squad lost family members in the disaster, but the mothers of Sanath Jayasuriya and Upul Chandana are believed to have been injured. Star spin bowler Muttiah Muralitharan, meanwhile, came within minutes of being caught up in the huge tidal waves which swept across the Sri Lankan coastline at Galle. "I missed the wave by 20 minutes. I had only just left Galle so I am very lucky to be alive," he said, having had to miss the early part of the tour due to injury. New Zealand Cricket chief executive Martin Snedden said: "We will now give the Sri Lankan cricket team every assistance to return home as soon as possible. "As the magnitude of the recent events in Sri Lanka has unfolded it has become more difficult for the Sri Lankan team to remain in New Zealand."
